intro-keras/1-introduction.md, before:

> Author: [Bea Stollnitz](https://bea.stollnitz.com)

TensorFlow is a popular framework for working with machine learning. In this module we'll cover Keras, which is a higher-level and user-friendly API that is released as part of TensorFlow. For many scenarios, the level of abstraction provided by Keras gives us all the functionality we need, without the complexity of the lower-level concepts of TensorFlow.

If after learning Keras you feel that you need more flexibility than it provides, then [module 5](../intro-machine-learning-tensorflow) of this learning path shows how to re-implement a portion of the Keras code in this module using lower-level TensorFlow APIs. 

In both this module and module 5, we'll show you how you can create a basic neural network using the Fashion MNIST dataset as a data source. We’ll build a neural network that takes as input images of clothing, and classifies them according to their contents, such as "Shirt," "Coat," or "Dress."

For this module, we assume that you're comfortable with Python, but we don't assume any knowledge of Keras or TensorFlow. 

Let's get started!


## Learning objectives

- Learn to load and prepare data to be used in machine learning.
- Learn to specify the architecture of a deep learning neural network.
- Learn to train a neural network.
- Learn to make a prediction using a neural network.


## Prerequisites

- Knowledge of Python.

Commit message:

Update all content with learn initial release

intro-keras/1-introduction.md, after:


TensorFlow is a popular framework for working with machine learning. In this module we'll cover Keras, which is a higher-level and user-friendly API that is released as part of TensorFlow. For many scenarios, the level of abstraction provided by Keras gives us all the functionality we need, without the complexity of the lower-level concepts of TensorFlow.

If after learning Keras you feel that you need more flexibility than it provides, then the fifth module, Intro to Machine Learning with TenorFlow, of this learning path shows how to re-implement a portion of the Keras code in this module using lower-level TensorFlow APIs. 

In both this module and module 5, we'll show you how you can create a basic neural network using the Fashion MNIST dataset as a data source. We’ll build a neural network that takes as input images of clothing, and classifies them according to their contents, such as "Shirt," "Coat," or "Dress."

For this module, we assume that you're comfortable with Python, but we don't assume any knowledge of Keras or TensorFlow. 

Let's get started!


## Learning objectives
- Learn to load and prepare data to be used in machine learning.
- Learn to specify the architecture of a deep learning neural network.
- Learn to train a neural network.
- Learn to make a prediction using a neural network.


## Prerequisites
- Knowledge of Python.
- Basic knowledge about how to use Jupyter Notebooks.
